# Life with Gratitude

Bro, <br>
honestly life is so much more beautiful then we sometimes remember and like we take that for granted, so many times in our lives we get blinded by many things whether its worries or distracted by even friendships or like literally anything, and even with friendships is that not a beautiful thing? like bro we have all that we need, and just its so beautiful and even if we get blinded its still beautiful, the world still moves on, the grass is still green, the sky is still blue, the birds of the air is still chirping and like we can still breathe and live life, like truly think about it, isnt that beautiful? and like again with food and stuff, there are countries out there that truly do struggle with getting food and even healthy filtered water and yet here in America we really do take that for granted and yet even with all these disagreements, imagine if we just got along? bro life is so beautiful as it is but yet is friendships not even that much more beautiful? like we can make connections, we make memories, and the fact we can even create, like artist and stuff and be a creator just like the one who created us, we can build things, we can paint, we can photograph, we can do all things, we can write? like i literally am right now, like bro journaling by its self is a whole other blessing in this world and yet we do truly take these even simple things for granted and forget what it was truly meant to be.

and if anything this should be our reminders to be more grateful and just like live life with God's Joy and like we have a choice, we can love the way God loves us, its such a blessing that we can even do these things day by day and like the memories we make with people and even ourselves and even progression with projects that we have made and again the memories we made with those projects and that with everything you look at came a creator, your desk? someone or something made that, there was a starting point, the books your reading? there was a author, your lamp? Someone made each part of that, your water bottles that you can have fresh water in, thats a blessing,

truly,
Life is more beautiful then we remember vast majority of the time,
Live life with Christ and we can truly live it to its true beauty

---
Writen by __[Electric](https://el3ctricfx.github.io/)__